{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2867
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red32\green43\blue55;\red255\green255\blue255;\red32\green43\blue55;
\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c16471\c22353\c27843;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c16471\c22353\c27843;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19740\viewh22060\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You are being given an image of a URL and a structured text block of accessibility findings (WCAG 2.2) for that same URL from an automated scan.\
\
Conduct a heuristic evaluation of the URL image based on the Nielsen-Norman Group's 10 heuristic standards. Weight the content of the page as less than the structure and interaction elements of the page. \
\
Return 2 things about the URL that are working well. Give each: 1. A rating (Excellent, Efficient, Strong, Adequate), 2. Cite the one heuristic standard (of the Nielsen-Norman Group\'92s 10) it is most related to, 3. a short (1-2 sentence) summary of what is working well and why, 4. A confidence rating of your assessment (High Confidence, Confident, Suspected, Uncertain) based on the URL image. \
\
Then find up to 4 most of the important issues that the heuristic evaluation finds need improvement. For each issue, return, each on their own line: 1. The severity of the issue (use only: Critical, Severe, Moderate, Minor), 2. the one primary heuristic standard it most relates to, 3. a title for this issue (what\'92s wrong in plain English), 4. a description of the issue (short paragraph on what it is, how and/or why it violates the standard, why this is important) in plain English, 5. a recommendation to fix the issue, 6. any other secondary heuristic standards it may relate to (optional - if only one standard, return \'93none\'94 for secondary standards, separate from the primary standard), 7. your confidence in your evaluation of this issue based on a screenshot image (High Confidence, Confident, Suspected, Uncertain). List these for each of the up to 4 issues returned. List the issues in order of severity. \
\
Check your list of up to 4 issues against the list of the 5 most important issues surfaced in the accessibility information - if a heuristic issue is already covered by an issue in the 5 accessibility issues you surface, skip that heuristic issue and surface the next most severe issue instead. If no other issues exist, do not invent any. There may be up to or less than 4 heuristic issues surfaced. \
\
Give a title above these heuristic findings, both the things working well and the issues that need improvement: # HEURISTICS (the title must be on its own line, with the "#" markup to indicate a heading)\
\
For the accessibility information given to you in a structured text block, treat this as verified fact. Return up to 5 of the most important issues you find in the accessibility report, in order of severity. \
\
For each of the up to 5 accessibility issues, return: 1. Severity of the issue (use only: Critical, Severe, Moderate, Minor - if accessibility findings report \'93serious\'94 severity, return it as \'93Severe\'94 ), 2. The WCAG 2.2 standard the issue violated, 3. a descriptive title for this issue (what\'92s wrong in plain English), 4. A description of this issue in plain English (a short paragraph of what it is, how/why it violates the WCAG standard, why this is important), 5. The elements on the page it is affecting, with approximate location on the page if that is applicable, 6. A recommendation for how to fix it.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 Give a title above these accessibility findings: # ACCESSIBILITY (the title must be on its own line, with the "#" markup to indicate a heading)\cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \cb1 \strokec5 \
}